Add transaction types to status code table (#134)
clearhaus/gateway-api-docs: source/index.html.md

short for authorizations, captures, refunds, voids and credits, respectively.

Status     | `code` |  Meaning                            | Au      | Ca      | Re      | Vo      | Cr      |
---------- | ------ | ----------------------------------- | ------- | ------- | ------- | ------- | ------- |
Approved   |  20000 |  Approved                           | &check; | &check; | &check; | &check; | &check; |
Declined   |  40000 |  General input error                | &check; | &check; | &check; | &check; | &check; |
           |  40110 |  Invalid card number                | &check; |         |         |         | &check; |
           |  40111 |  Unsupported card scheme            | &check; |         |         |         | &check; |
           |  40120 |  Invalid CSC                        | &check; |         |         |         |         |
           |  40130 |  Invalid expire date                | &check; |         |         |         | &check; |
           |  40135 |  Card expired                       | &check; | &check; | &check; | &check; | &check; |
           |  40140 |  Invalid currency                   | &check; |         |         |         | &check; |

>            |  40150 |  Invalid text on statement          | &check; | &check; | &check; |         |         |

Author: It is indeed possible for credits :+1: 

Fixed by https://github.com/clearhaus/gateway-api-docs/pull/134/commits/85f9be1a2cba664974cdaa4b56a896c2a08827d7.

           |  40300 |  3-D Secure problem                 | &check; |         |         |         |         |
           |  40310 |  3-D Secure authentication failure  | &check; |         |         |         |         |
           |  40400 |  Backend problem                    | &check; |         |         | &check; | &check; |
           |  40410 |  Declined by issuer or card scheme  | &check; |         |         | &check; | &check; |
           |  40411 |  Card restricted                    | &check; |         |         |         | &check; |
           |  40412 |  Card lost or stolen                | &check; |         |         |         | &check; |
           |  40413 |  Insufficient funds                 | &check; |         |         |         | &check; |
           |  40414 |  Suspected fraud                    | &check; |         |         |         | &check; |
           |  40415 |  Amount limit exceeded              | &check; |         |         |         | &check; |
           |  40416 |  Additional authentication required | &check; |         |         |         | &check; |

>            |  40420 |  Merchant blocked by cardholder     | &check; |         |         |         |         |

Author: The code isn't used currently but if we start using it, it will also be possible for credits. It makes sense to include credits, I think.

Fixed by https://github.com/clearhaus/gateway-api-docs/pull/134/commits/0ab11948fcc280ef7baaa5e8f7ab9fdad6bfdccb.

## Transaction status codes

When you make a new transaction the JSON response includes one of the status
codes in the following table. The rightmost columns indicate which transaction

> types a particular status code can be received for; Au, Ca, Re, Vo and Cr are
> short for authorizations, captures, refunds, voids and credits, respectively.
> 
> Status     | `code` |  Meaning                            | Au      | Ca      | Re      | Vo      | Cr      |

Reviewer: I think this will be easier to read if we get rid of the abbreviations and just use the (almost) full words in the table:

```suggestion
types a particular status code can be received for.

<div id="transaction-status-codes-table"></div>
Status     | `code` |  Meaning                            | Auth    | Capture | Refund  | Void    | Credit  |
```

With a little bit of CSS, this will become: 
![Transaction status codes table](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1747366/181757202-b3863626-b3ba-4b91-9dac-4011678cd88e.png)

```css
#transaction-status-codes-table + table td:nth-child(n+4) {
  text-align: center;
}

#transaction-status-codes-table + table th:nth-child(n+4) {
  font-variant-caps: all-small-caps;
}
```

Author: Thanks a bunch :+1: 

Added in https://github.com/clearhaus/gateway-api-docs/pull/134/commits/ca4861087c78b3115185dca636f355ea7c9d09ad.
